Question 7:
Answer the following in your own words.
a) How do you install Cypress and set up your first test?
    -   1. need to create new folder for the project
        2. install cypress by run [npm init -y] in the New Terminal
        3. after file package.json installed, run [npm install cypress] on the Terminal
        4. in order to run the cypress, run [npx cypress open] in the Terminal using Command Prompt

b) How do you handle authentication and authorization in Cypress tests?
    -   a lot of way can do such as, call the element of the input credential and .type the credentials but this
        are not recommended to every script. Other than that, stored the authentication credential in the fixtures 
        so that the credential are not open to others users. It also easy to maintain because when it is in the fixtures,
        we can change the credential in that fixtures file only instead of change every credential in the every test script file.

c) What is the role of the Cypress Test Runner and what features does it offer?
    -   can run test in real-time
    -   can see the step of execution
    -   easy to track the elements of User Interface
    -   eady to track the error since it provide the stack trace of the CypressError and even suggested the other way to fix the error
    -   provide screenshots and video for headless run

d) How do you integrate Cypress into a Continuous Integration (CI) pipeline?
    -   integrate Cypress with Github
    -   1. create the project and repository in Github
        2. clone the repository into a GitHub Desktop
        3. open the repository by using Visual Studio Code
        4. publish the branch and can start install cypress and scripting

e) How do you handle dynamic data and input fields in Cypress tests?
    -   can generate random data using faker.js library or for example set date as today's day
    -   use cy.wait(), .should(), or .then() to wait for dynamic elements
    -   use the data attributes if the id or name of the element can be changed

f) How do you add dependency to Cypress?
    -    using npm install <dependency-name> --save-dev
            for example [npm install @faker-js/faker --save-dev]
            then import { faker } from '@faker-js/faker' in my script

